do you listen to podcasts?
what is your favorite film?
did you have childhood love? what was she like?
did you admire someone as a child? for what reasons?
your favorite genre of music?
if you had to choose one song that you would listen to for the rest of your life, which one would you prefer?
if you didn't have the job you have now, what would you like to be?
which countries/cities/sights would you like to visit?
do you pay much attention to your appearance? how much time?
what are the must-see shows in your opinion?
what is your favorite food? what are they doing to bribe you?
what's the weirdest thing you've read lately?
what would you like to become an expert in?
what sport would you like to excel in?
how do you feel about advice? do you like to give or receive?
how do you deal with stress?
what is the best gift you have received?
the biggest surprise in your life?
most important life lesson?
what do you think about plastic surgery? do you want to change something in yourself?
do you like to take risks? did it work out for you?
if you could change one thing about your character, what would it be?
if you could go back in time, would you like to change something in your life?
do you believe in god?
do you believe in the supernatural?
do you plan your day? how detailed?
what has been your biggest success so far?
if you could do something illegal without getting into trouble, what would it be?
what events in your life have most influenced your worldview?
what is the biggest challenge you have taken on this year? how did you overcome it?
how would your life be different if social media didn't exist?
what is the strangest thing you have ever eaten?
what is the worst name (of the real ones) you could give your child?
what is the most embarrassing situation you have ever been in?
where have you been in your life?
what superpower would you like to have?
if your personality were represented by food, what kind of food would it be?
what would be much better if you could just change its color?
how would you organize your own funeral?
what would be the worst buy-one-get-two-free sale?
what is the most useless talent you have?
what low rated movie do you like?
what attracts you to the appearance of other people?
what is not real, but you would like it to be real?
are you really enjoying your life?
what do you think about the most?
in your opinion, how to become the best version of yourself? are you taking steps in this direction?
what do you always like to do, even when you're tired? why?
what legacy do you want to leave behind?
if you had only one wish, what would it be?
how do you feel about your parents?
what do you think about money?
how do you feel about aging?
what role does education play in your life?
do you think that your fate is predetermined or you decide for yourself?
what do you think gives meaning to your life?
how confident are you in your ability to make decisions?
what is the most memorable event that has happened to you?
how do you feel about reading? what have you been reading lately?
what scares you, but would you still like to do it?